Fix/4751  upgrade preview generator to 0.22 (#4752)
tracim/tracim: backend/README.md

    pip install -r requirements.txt

> (Optional) Install all preview builders to be able to generate preview for most previews:

Reviewer: please indicate a non exaustive list of which kind of preview we can have with this option.

Author: ```suggestion
(Optional) Install all preview builders to be able to generate preview for most preview: video, 3d, etc... :
```
